Migration guide update (#9161)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/migration/migration-from-ckeditor-4.md

			<td>N/A</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-linkShowAdvancedTab">linkShowAdvancedTab</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-linkShowTargetTab">linkShowTargetTab</a></td>
			<td>N/A</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-magicline_color">magicline_color</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-magicline_everywhere">magicline_everywhere</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-magicline_holdDistance">magicline_holdDistance</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-magicline_keystrokeNext">magicline_keystrokeNext</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-magicline_keystrokePrevious">magicline_keystrokePrevious</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-magicline_tabuList">magicline_tabuList</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-magicline_triggerOffset">magicline_triggerOffset</a></td>

> 			<td>This features is managed by the {@link module:widget/widgettypearound~WidgetTypeAround <code>WidgetTypeAround</code>} class.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>This functionality is covered by the {@link module:widget/widgettypearound~WidgetTypeAround <code>WidgetTypeAround</code>} plugin that allows users to type around widgets where normally it is impossible to place the caret due to limitations of web browsers.</td>
```

		<tr>
			<td><a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-stylesSet">stylesSet</a></td>
			<td>Not available yet. Refer to the <a href="https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/5700" target="_blank" rel="noopener">relevant GitHub issue</a>.</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-stylesheetParser_skipSelectors">stylesheetParser_skipSelectors</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-stylesheetParser_validSelectors">stylesheetParser_validSelectors</a></td>
			<td>N/A</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-tabIndex">tabIndex</a></td>
			<td>N/A</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-tabSpaces">tabSpaces</a></td>
			<td>N/A</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-templates">templates</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-templates_files">templates_files</a> <br> <a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-templates_replaceContent">templates_replaceContent</a></td>
			<td>N/A</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>

> 			<td><a href="/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-title">title</a></td>

Reviewer: This is not the same feature. Compare the API docs and guide of these two to check this out.

Author: ```suggestion
			<td>N/A</td>
```
